gh-105578: Add more usage examples to `typing.AnyStr` docs (#107045)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

      concat(b"foo", b"bar")  # OK, output has type 'bytes'
      concat("foo", b"bar")   # Error, cannot mix str and bytes

   Note that, despite its name, ``AnyStr`` has nothing to do with the
   :class:`Any` type, nor does it mean "any string". In particular, ``AnyStr``
   and ``str | bytes`` are different from each other and have different use
   cases. If ``AnyStr`` is not part of the input arguments it should not be
   used::

>       def greet_bad(cond: bool) -> AnyStr:
>           return "hi there!" if cond else b"greetings!"  # Error

Reviewer: Unfortunately, I believe not all type checkers will _necessarily_ report an error here, even though it's an invalid, and incorrect, use of `AnyStr`. Maybe:

```suggestion
      # Invalid use of AnyStr:
      # The type variable is used only once in the function signature,
      # so cannot be "solved" by the type checker
      def greet_bad(cond: bool) -> AnyStr:
          return "hi there!" if cond else b"greetings!"
```

Author: I like this wording! Will use it as-is.

>       def greet_proper(cond: bool) -> str | bytes:
>           return "hi there!" if cond else b"greetings!"  # OK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # The better way of annotating this function:
      def greet_proper(cond: bool) -> str | bytes:
          return "hi there!" if cond else b"greetings!"
```

      concat(b"foo", b"bar")  # OK, output has type 'bytes'
      concat("foo", b"bar")   # Error, cannot mix str and bytes

   Note that, despite its name, ``AnyStr`` has nothing to do with the
   :class:`Any` type, nor does it mean "any string". In particular, ``AnyStr``
   and ``str | bytes`` are different from each other and have different use

>    cases. If ``AnyStr`` is not part of the input arguments it should not be
>    used::

Reviewer: Hmm. I just realised that this last sentence is not, strictly speaking, correct :/

This, for example, is a valid use of `AnyStr`:

```py
class Foo(Generic[AnyStr]):
    def method(self) -> AnyStr: ...
```

Note that `AnyStr` is not "part of the input arguments" in `method`'s signature there, but this is still a valid use of `AnyStr` as it's in the context of a class that is generic around `AnyStr`.

Maybe we should just remove this final sentence -- what do you think? I feel like the example below explains pretty well what we're talking about

```suggestion
   cases::
```

Author: Good catch and agreed that the examples explain themselves pretty well.

>       concat("foo", b"bar")  # Passes typecheck but raises an error at runtime

Reviewer: Hmm, the usability issue I see is that people are using `AnyStr` _too much_ -- they often use it when they _should_ be using `str | bytes`. But this is a good example of a place where `AnyStr` is _appropriate_. Maybe we should skip this example and just use your `greet_bad` and `greet_proper` examples below, which are quite good?

>    As a type variable, ``AnyStr`` is only used if it's at least part of the input arguments::

Reviewer 2: This sentence makes it sound like you are introducing an example where AnyStr is used correctly, but in fact you're introducing an incorrect usage.
